docs(terraform): add example pipeline (#311)
armory/docs: content/en/docs/spinnaker-user-guides/terraform-use-integration.md

---
title: Using the Terraform Integration stage
aliases:
  - /docs/spinnaker/terraform-use-integration/
---

## Overview

At the core of the Terraform Integration is the Terraformer service. This service fetches your Terraform projects from source and executes various Terraform commands against them. When a `terraform` stage starts, Orca submits the task to Terraformer and monitors it until completion. Once a task is submitted, Terraformer fetches your target project, runs `terraform init` to initialize the project, and then runs your desired `action` (`plan` or `apply`). If the task is successful, the stage gets marked successful as well. If the task fails, the stage gets marked as a failure, and the pipeline stops.

A Terraform Integration stage performs the following actions when it runs:

1. Authenticates to your repo using basic authentication credentials you provide. This can be a GitHub token or a BitBucket username/password combination.
2. Pulls a full directory from your Git repository.

> 3. Optionally uses a Spinnaker artifact provider (Github, BitBucket, or HTTP) to pull in a `tfvars`-formatted variable file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Optionally uses a Spinnaker artifact provider (GitHub, BitBucket, or HTTP) to pull in a `tfvars`-formatted variable file.
```

Github -> GitHub

4. Runs the Terraform action you select.

## Requirements

> Before you can use the Terraform Integration stage, verify that Armory's Terraform Integration for Spinnaker is enabled. Additionally, your Terraform code needs to be stored in either GitHub or BitBucket repo that the Armory Platform can access. You grant access as part of the enablement process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you can use the Terraform Integration stage, verify that Armory's Terraform Integration for Spinnaker is enabled. Additionally, your Terraform code needs to be stored in either a GitHub or BitBucket repo that the Armory Platform can access. You grant access as part of the enablement process.
```

The pipeline consists of three parts:

**Plan stage**

A Plan stage in a pipeline performs the same action as running the `terraform plan` command. Although a Plan stage is not strictly required since an Apply stage performs a `terraform plan` if no plan file exists, it's a good idea to have one. You'll understand why during the Manual Judgment stage.

For this stage, configure the following:

- For the **Terraform version**, pick any version, such as `0.13.3`.
- For the **Action**, choose **Plan**.
- **Main Terraform Artifact**
  - Select **Expected Artifact > Define a new artifact** 
    - Select **Account > <YourGitRepo>**. This is the Git repo that was configured when you enabled the Terraform Integration and houses your Terraform code.
    - In **URL**, add the URL to the Git repo that houses your Terraform code.
- Under **Produces Artifacts** 
  1. Select **Define artifact**. A window appears.
  2. Optionally, provide a descriptive display name.
  3. For **Match Artifact > Account** , select **embedded-artifact** .
  4. Name the artifact `planfile`.

> The output of this stage, the embedded artifact named `planfile`, can get consumed by subsequent stages in this pipeline. In this example, this occurs during the final stage of the pipeline. Additionally, more complex use cases that involve parent-child pipelines can also use plan files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Subsequent stages in this pipeline can consume the output of this stage, which is the embedded artifact named `planfile`. This occurs during the final stage of the pipeline in this example. Additionally, more complex use cases that involve parent-child pipelines can also use plan files.
```

4. Runs the Terraform action you select.

## Requirements

Before you can use the Terraform Integration stage, verify that Armory's Terraform Integration for Spinnaker is enabled. Additionally, your Terraform code needs to be stored in either GitHub or BitBucket repo that the Armory Platform can access. You grant access as part of the enablement process.

For more information, see [Enabling the Terraform Integration]({{< ref "terraform-enable-integration">}}).

## Example Terraform Integration stage

The following example describes a basic pipeline that performs the plan and apply Terraform actions. This is a simple example. For a more involved one, watch this [demo](https://youtu.be/_p8v-6_5DTI) of the Terraform Integration.

The pipeline consists of three parts:

**Plan stage**

A Plan stage in a pipeline performs the same action as running the `terraform plan` command. Although a Plan stage is not strictly required since an Apply stage performs a `terraform plan` if no plan file exists, it's a good idea to have one. You'll understand why when during the Manual Judgment stage.

> you do not need to For this stage, configure the following:

Reviewer 2: you do not need to For

- For the **Terraform version**, pick any version, such as `0.13.3`.
- For the **Action**, choose **Plan**.
- **Main Terraform Artifact**
  - Select **Expected Artifact > Define a new artifact** 

>     - Select **Account > gitrepo**

Reviewer 2: this requires they have a git repo account set up in clouddriver. and "gitrepo" is what a lot of us name the account, but they might have called it something else. the dropdown will have whatever name they gave it

Reviewer 2: i'll leave that up to the pros if that should be explained further or not ¯\_(ツ)_/¯

    - In **URL**, add the URL to the Git repo that houses your Terraform code.

> - Under **Terraform Artifacts** 

Reviewer 2: the section is "Produces Artifact" (it's all the way at the bottom instead of in the main section)

the flow would be Produces Artifact >> Define Artifact >> in Matches Artifact, select embedded-artifact
